Similarly how we have legs grow.
We also have a flex shrink.
And by default again all the children have the Flex shrink.
However in this case since 40 legs grow we have a zero.
So they were not growing.
In this case flex shrink is set to 1.
So there are going to shrink in order to in fact make space for rest of the Arabs grow up.
Now as always the best case scenario would be for me to show you with an example.
So let's imagine this case where I have the item number two and I think that my Item 2 is going to look
best if it is let's say 300 pixels.
So we're gonna set box number and I said no to some reason I'm targeting number 3.
So my apologies.
Well let's go with Box Number Two.
Waste of 300 pixels.
We set a box but I can already know is that once my screen size gets in fact smaller.
Well it's definitely not 300 pixels.
Now if I go to the bigger screen yes sure enough I have my 300 pixels.
But then as my screen size gets smaller and smaller in order to fit my elements within my container
of course flux is in fact shrinking my box number two.
Now the reason why we are shrinking our box well because by default again we have flex shrink and instead
of zero like we had for Flex grow when they were not growing by default by default all the items are
going to be shrinking.
Okay now in order to fix that we are going to go with Flex shrink that is the property and we're going
to set it equal to zero.
Now in this case.
Notice I have my 300 pixel item or a box.
Call it all it like.
And then as my screen size gets smaller and smaller the item is not going to get smaller.
And if we cannot fit in fact rest of the items Well again we're going to have the overflow.
Now please keep in mind that doesn't mean that we're going to shrink the rest of the items basically
to nothing.
We also had here the farm sizes and the patterns all that so the Flex box is not just gonna get rid
of them.
Okay.
When I say shrink that means we're still going to have some base values.
However of course we do have right now wrapping and we know that in order to fix that now had our property
by the name of flux wrap and we're just gonna wrap our content.
So in this case if there is not enough room to let's say set box number two with rest of the items well
we're gonna be wrapping in new lines.
That's all we're gonna be doing.
And that's how we can work with a flex shrink property in the flex box.